[OCPBUGS-86820] Add cluster-proxy impact warning for ClusterNetwork expansion (#112556)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-cluster-network-range-edit.adoc

[NOTE]
====
This change requires rolling out a new Operator configuration across the cluster, and can take up to 30 minutes to take effect.

> For clusters configured with cluster-proxy, expanding the cluster network range will also trigger a MachineConfigPool update that reboots all nodes. Plan this operation during a maintenance window to avoid service disruption.

Reviewer: One minor nit--we generally try to stay away from "will" in our docs (not always, but usually). 

```suggestion
For clusters configured with cluster proxy, expanding the cluster network range also triggers a MachineConfigPool update that reboots all nodes. Plan this operation during a maintenance window to avoid service disruption.
```
